President Trump conversation with a 6-year old

1 Trump: Hi little girl. My name is Donald Trump. I am the President of the United States.

Girl: Hi Donald.

2 Trump: You can call me Mr. President.

Girl: OK, Mr. President.

3 Trump: That's better.

Girl: Where do you live?

4 Trump: In the greatest country on Earth, with the greatest economy in the world, so much stronger than China's, the United States of America.

Girl: Oh, but where is your house?

5 Trump: Well, I have houses all over. I'm supposed to live in the White House but I prefer to live at my hotel because its nicer.

Girl: I have a nice house too.

6 Trump: Ha, no one's house is as nice as mine.

7 Girl: Do you have any princesses at your house?

Trump: I don't need any princesses. I have the greatest supporters. The greatest people in the world. 

8 Girl: Princess are the best though.

Trump: I'm the best.

9 Girl: You're weird.

10 Trump: No you're weird.

Girl: No you are.

11 Trump: No you.

Girl: Do you like unicorns?

12 Trump: I invested in a few unicorns. I'm the greatest investor in the world. I make so much money on my investments. No one in the world is as great an investor as me.

Girl: What's an investor?

13 Trump: An investor is someone who turns money into more money. Hahahaha.

Girl: Oh do you have a lot of money then?

14 Trump: I have so much money. Like an incredible amount of money. Not like this country. We're in so much debt because of Obama. 

Girl: Who's Obama?

15 Trump: The worst president of the United States, ever.

Girl: That's not very nice.

16 Trump: I'm the nicest 

Girl: What's your favourite sport?

17 Trump: I like golf. 

Girl: What's your favourite meal?

18 Trump: Two Big-Macs, two Filet-o-Fish, large fries and a diet coke.

Girl: Uh I don't have that.

19 Trump: You don't have much hey kid.

Girl: Who's your favourite person on TV?

20 Trump: Myself of course. Have you seen me?

Girl: Who's your favourite athlete?

21 Trump: Myself of course. I used to be an incredible athlete.

Girl: What happened to the dinosaurs?

22 Trump: Well supposedly they are extinct. But I'm not so sure, we can't trust those scientists and the left-wing media.

Girl: When's your bedtime?

23 Trump: Well my staff tries to get me to get some sleep every night. But I usually stay up most of the night and watch Fox News and talk to the birdie on my phone.

Girl: Do you wear glasses?

24 Trump: I don't know what you're talking about.

Girl: Do you have a dog?

25 Trump: Why does everyone always ask me that? I hate dogs. I mean I love dogs. Dogs are the greatest American pet. American is the greatest country in the world.

Girl: You don't sounds very nice.

26 Trump: I'm the nicest.

Girl: How many kids do you have?

27 Trump: Uh there's Ivanka, and Donald Jr, then those other ones, I think it's like 4. Maybe 5. Or 6? I don't know, ask Melania.

Girl: Do you have any grandkids?

28 Trump: What? I'm not old enough to be a grandpa. I'm the youngest, fittest president this country has ever had. Have you seen the reports from my doctor?

Girl: What's an impeachment?

29 Trump: That's all the time I have. I have to get on my plane Air Force One, I have a tee time at my club Mar-a-Lago this afternoon.

Girl: OK goodbye.

30 Trump: Bye-bye.