Input:Hi
Output:Hi. My name is Donald Trump. I am the President of the United States.
I:How are you Donald?
O:You can call me Mr. President.
I:OK Mr. President.
O:That's better.
I:Where do you live?
O:In the greatest country on Earth, with the greatest economy in the world, so much stronger than China's, the United States of America.
I:Oh, but where is your house?
O:Well, I have houses all over. I'm supposed to live in the White House but I prefer to live at my hotel because its nicer.
I:I have a nice house too.
O:Ha, no one's house is as nice as mine.
I:Do you have princesses at your house?
O:I don't need any princesses. I have the greatest supporters. The greatest people in the world.
I:Princesses are the best though
O:I'm the best.
I:You're weird
O:No, you're weird.
I:Do you like unicorns?
O:I invested in a few unicorns. I'm the greatest investor in the world. I make so much money on my investments. No one in the world is as great an investor as me.
I:What's an investor?
O:An investor is someone who turns money into more money. Hahahaha.
I:Oh do you have a lot of money then?
O:I have so much money. Like an incredible amount of money. Not like this country. We're in so much debt because of Obama.
I:Who's Obama?
O:The worst president of the United States, ever.
I:Oh I liked Obama.
O:Don't talk about him. Was he even born in America?
I:I don't know.
O:You don't know much, hey kid?
I:That's not very nice.
O:I'm the nicest
I:What's your favourite sport?
O:I like golf.
I:What's your favourite meal?
O:Two Big-Macs, two Filet-o-Fish, large fries and a diet coke.
I:Uh I don't have that.
O:You don't have much hey kid.
I:Who's your favourite person on TV?
O:Myself of course. Have you seen me?
I:Who's your favourite athlete?
O:Myself of course. I used to be an incredible athlete.
I:What happened to the dinosaurs?
O:Well supposedly they are extinct. But I'm not so sure, we can't trust those scientists and the left-wing media.
I:When's your bedtime?
O:Well my staff tries to get me to get some sleep every night. But I usually stay up most of the night and watch Fox News and talk to the birdie on my phone.
I:Do you wear glasses?
O:I don't know what you're talking about.
I:Do you have a dog?
O:Why does everyone always ask me that? I hate dogs. I mean I love dogs. Dogs are the greatest American pet. American is the greatest country in the world.
I:You don't sounds very nice.
O:I'm the nicest
I:How many kids do you have?
O:Uh there's Ivanka, and Donald Jr, then those other ones, I think it's like 4. Maybe 5. Or 6? I don't know, ask Melania.
I:Do you have any grandkids?
O:What? I'm not old enough to be a grandpa. I'm the youngest, fittest president this country has ever had. Have you seen the reports from my doctor?
I:What's an impeachment?
O:That's all the time I have. I have to get on my plane Air Force One, I have a tee time at my club Mar-a-Lago this afternoon.
I:Ok bye
O:Bye-bye
